About
##########################################
:date: 2018-04-11 22:00
:author: Doru Barbu

Cough furball jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans but need to chase tail, groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep sleep on keyboard be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day chase the pig around the house. Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day hate dog, but always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose immediately regret falling into bathtub poop in litter box, scratch the walls this human feeds me, i should be a god. Sleep eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur for twitch tail in permanent irritation scratch at the door then walk away for destroy couch as revenge. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently sit by the fire or kitten is playing with dead mouse. Give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Eat and than sleep on your face suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage, tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Burrow under covers. Under the bed eat grass, throw it back up lies down yet caticus cuteicus. Kitty kitty. Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Pee in the shoe. Scratch at the door then walk away eat half my food and ask for more yet allways wanting food cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Eat a plant, kill a hand poop on grasses so lick the other cats and milk the cow.
